problems/README.md, before:



# NeetCode.io problems

## Arrays & Hashing

1. [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)
2. [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)
3. [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)
4. [Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)
5. [Top K Frequent Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/)
6. [Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/)
7. [Valid Sudoku](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-sudoku/)
8. [Encode and Decode String](https://leetcode.com/problems/encode-and-decode-strings/) **Premium Content**
9. [Longest Consecutive Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/)

## Two Pointers

1. [Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)
2. [Tow Sum II](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/)
3. [3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)
4. [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)
5. [Trapping Rain Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/)

## Sliding Window

1. [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)
2. [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)
3. [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/)
4. [Permutation in String](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutation-in-string/)
5. [Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/)
6. [Sliding Window Maximum](https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-window-maximum/)

## Stack
1. [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)
2. [Min Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/)
3. [Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation](https://leetcode.com/problems/evaluate-reverse-polish-notation/)
4. [Generate Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/)
5. [Daily Temperatures](https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures/)
6. [Car Fleet](https://leetcode.com/problems/car-fleet/)
7. [Largest Rectangle in Histogram](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-rectangle-in-histogram/)

## Binary Search
1. [Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/)
2. [Search a 2D Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/)
3. [Koko Eating Bananas](https://leetcode.com/problems/koko-eating-bananas/)
4. [Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/)
5. [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/)
6. [Time Based Key-Value Store](https://leetcode.com/problems/time-based-key-value-store/)
7. [Median of Two Sorted Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/)

## Linked List
1. [Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)
2. [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)
3. [Reorder List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/)

Commit message:

Implemented Remove Nth Node from End of List problem

problems/README.md, after:



# NeetCode.io problems

## Arrays & Hashing

1. [Contains Duplicate](https://leetcode.com/problems/contains-duplicate/)
2. [Valid Anagram](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-anagram/)
3. [Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)
4. [Group Anagrams](https://leetcode.com/problems/group-anagrams/)
5. [Top K Frequent Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/)
6. [Product of Array Except Self](https://leetcode.com/problems/product-of-array-except-self/)
7. [Valid Sudoku](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-sudoku/)
8. [Encode and Decode String](https://leetcode.com/problems/encode-and-decode-strings/) **Premium Content**
9. [Longest Consecutive Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/)

## Two Pointers

1. [Valid Palindrome](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-palindrome/)
2. [Tow Sum II](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/)
3. [3Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/)
4. [Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)
5. [Trapping Rain Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/trapping-rain-water/)

## Sliding Window

1. [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/)
2. [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)
3. [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement/)
4. [Permutation in String](https://leetcode.com/problems/permutation-in-string/)
5. [Minimum Window Substring](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-window-substring/)
6. [Sliding Window Maximum](https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-window-maximum/)

## Stack
1. [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/)
2. [Min Stack](https://leetcode.com/problems/min-stack/)
3. [Evaluate Reverse Polish Notation](https://leetcode.com/problems/evaluate-reverse-polish-notation/)
4. [Generate Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/generate-parentheses/)
5. [Daily Temperatures](https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures/)
6. [Car Fleet](https://leetcode.com/problems/car-fleet/)
7. [Largest Rectangle in Histogram](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-rectangle-in-histogram/)

## Binary Search
1. [Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/)
2. [Search a 2D Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-a-2d-matrix/)
3. [Koko Eating Bananas](https://leetcode.com/problems/koko-eating-bananas/)
4. [Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-minimum-in-rotated-sorted-array/)
5. [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/)
6. [Time Based Key-Value Store](https://leetcode.com/problems/time-based-key-value-store/)
7. [Median of Two Sorted Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/)

## Linked List
1. [Reverse Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-linked-list/)
2. [Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)
3. [Reorder List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list/)
4. [Remove Nth Node from End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/)
